I only like the other boys do thanks
Tommy well I so this is what I have
hanging on my closet door and it's just
a shoe organizer and the fun thing about
these is you can get them in any kind of
design color that you want to match your
settings your interior design and so I
just have a point one I got this for two
bucks at the Family Dollar Store and I
like to store her Mariah's hair rollers
um products that we use frequently so
like the Chi and the gel products that
you see they also store our combs and
brushes and you can like I said use this
for so many different objects awesome so
I also store like Bianca's little hair
ties my hair ties uh bobby pins ribbons
of using the girls hair and we also have
more products like wrap our hair
products i'm sorry but they keep them in
the bathroom those are my mac products
that I've used up and I like to as soon
as I use it just put in there when I
accumulate six I take it in for my plea
lipstick I have my toner that I use on a
daily basis and there is some samples
and I always just throw samples that i
get from orders online orders that i get
from sephora when I go shopping so any
little samples I just throw in there I
always used to lose those and so now
they have a home and this is just
perfume and body lotion that I use on a
regular basis those don't have anything
in it because my daughter I wonder hold
will destroy everything
on the opposite side of that door is a
coat hanger I like to hang my hat that
big large tote that you see and my
scarves and these are great just doing
anything everyone and really inexpensive
and for the closet I got this for six
books it's just like a cubicle hanging
in your closet I put my skirts a little
like my little purses sandals and shoes
and for my purses and handbags I just AM
kind of utilizing that top shelf up
there and I also have my nail polishes a
few books and some lip glasses and also
I got this for three bucks at walmart on
its work pants but you can also use it
to hang skirts if you don't leave the
cubicle next I got these for two bucks
again at Walmart they're great for
necklaces I initially bought these for
my necklaces and then for Christmas um
oh and I use that taking my belt that
was three bucks at walmart ok back to
the last saying I got this for Christmas
for my aunt she got it on amazon.com you
guys always ask me where I got this Rome
I got it for christmas and she ordered
it an amazon com it's great to organize
jewelry this is a organizer I got for my
birthday from my best friend and I used
it for eyelashes and you can get these
at family dollar really really
inexpensive ok so for my foundations I
like to organize it in this organizer
sure this drawer was three dollars at
walmart and I like to keep my
foundations moisturize I'm sorry
concealers BB creams primers all that
goes in there this I got up Michaels for
five books it's a critic bag for
paint stuff and I just keep stuff that i
use you know once a week in there set
that I don't use often I keep it down
there and then um I my lipsticks and the
rest of my makeup and this thing right
here those are like 15 bucks target
Walmart and I like to store my lipsticks
and ice cube trays ice cube trays are I
think I got four ice cube trays or two
bucks and my first drawer I have my
powders my face powders and I just kind
of like to keep them organized by these
little organizing drawer things again I
got them at walmart or two bucks
everything's about five dollars or less
those little drawers that I've work in
are those little baskets I got two for a
dollar at walmart and I like to keep my
smaller blushes the larger blushes just
sit on their own and in the next door I
just keep my palettes in the drawer
Eva's I don't put them in a basket or
sorting things I just go in there like
stove
and these baskets I have cream shadows
my drugstore shadows and again these
baskets you can buy them like in three
packs for a couple of dollars this
drawer I just simply have my mascaras
and my eyebrow powder and the last
drawer I have ice cube trays which will
my stove I'm ice cosmetic by shadows and
a few pigments they also hold mac
shadows and then a couple more baskets
for other eyeshadows this wicker basket
I got 46 books at walmart and I keep my
palettes in there for my q-tips and
cotton balls I like to use pencil
holders you can get these at the dollar
store and this little caddy things just
all one piece that has little sections
for organizing I like to keep my
eyeliners are my liquid liners and jumbo
pencils there and then I keep my pencil
liner and lip liners in this little foam
piece that people use you know tistic
flowers in they come in all different
shapes this one just happened to fit
this little caddy perfect and for my
brushes i got these long time ago at
walmart for a dollar each and i like to
keep a my face brushes eyeshadow brushes
in there and then I just stick my makeup
setting spray in between and those are
my sharpeners I just keep right there at
hand and this little section i have my
moisturizer basically these are all
products that i use on the daily basis
or every time i go to jamaica in these
little tiny sections i have just like
the little smaller products that can get
lost if you put them away and you'll
never use them i like to keep them out
and in here i just have tools like
eyelash curler Beauty blenders and then
also brushes that are really small that
again i used to have in the cups and
they i would never use them because i
can never see them so i leave those out
as well
kenzie got the desk at big lots for
forty dollars this is nothing fancy just
an inexpensive way and it functionable
for me so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video don't forget to subscribe to my
channel like my video drop a comment all
my leeks and extra info will be in the
description below thanks for watching
they say hi honey no